Adds new elevator pitch as energiser (#917)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/energisers/introduce-yourself/index.md

+++ 
title=" Introduce Yourself!" 
emoji="🎙️"
time=20 
[objectives] 

> 1="Craft an elevator pitch" 2="Learn about your peers" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

[build] 
    render = 'never' 
    list = 'local' 
    publishResources = false 
+++

### The task

In your professional life, you will often be asked to introduce yourself. It is a good idea to have an [elevator pitch](https://careerdevelopment.princeton.edu/sites/g/files/toruqf1041/files/media/elevator_pitch.pdf) ready, a brief (30 seconds) way of introducing yourself, getting across a key point or two, and making a connection with someone.

Today we will be going around the room and introducing ourselves!     `

Facilitator(s) start by sharing your elevator pitch and then popcorn around the room.

Some tips:
- Your response should be around 30 seconds.

> - Have a list of items ready but tailor what you say to your audience. For example, at a conference don't tell them you love making cupcakes but on the first day of a new job introducing yourself to your new team feel free to add 1-2 personal details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Have a list of items ready but tailor what you say to your audience. For example, at a technical conference focus on your technical interests rather than your love of making cupcakes, but on the first day of a new job introducing yourself to your new team feel free to add 1-2 personal details.
```
